README.md, before:

# Kode with Klossy: AI Project
In this summer program, I developed iOS app w/ SwiftUI and Xcode to enable language learners to identify objects
using a camera and translate them into common slang.

# [Kode with Klossy Program Link](https://www.kodewithklossy.com/)
![](KodeHome.png)

# Video of App Demo
Because of the summer program NDA requirements, I can't share the code. 
Here is the demo video where my app can capture real world objects, identify them and show different common slang for 
those objects.

# [[Click to watch the video]](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FG34ZRR3P-n23EUcbM_in8hkML3yVs_K/view?resourcekey&pli=1)

# Highlights of the program
* Collected object training data
* Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning used to recognize objects 
* Worked with Apple employees in the office for this year's program
* Researched how AI/ML affects bias and discrimination in the world
* Explored supervised vs unsupervised machine learning
* Met with successful female CEOs
* Learn how to develop the iOS App
* Presented to industry professionals

Commit message:

add main slides for kodewithKossy presentation

README.md, after:

# Kode with Klossy: AI Project
In this summer program, I am the main developer to develop iOS app w/ SwiftUI and Xcode to enable language 
learners to identify objects
using a camera and translate them into common slang.
# Project Overview
![](slides.gif)
# Demo Video
[Because of the program NDA requirements, we can't share the code.]
* This is the demo video where my app can capture real world objects in real time, identify and show different 
  common slangs in different languages for those objects.
#### [. ----> Click me for the 1m 26s video!](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FG34ZRR3P-n23EUcbM_in8hkML3yVs_K/view?resourcekey&pli=1)

# Highlights of the program
* Collected object training data
* Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning used to recognize objects 
* Worked with Apple employees in the office for this year's program
* Researched how AI/ML affects bias and discrimination in the world
* Explored supervised vs unsupervised machine learning
* Met with successful female CEOs
* Learn how to develop the iOS App
* Presented to industry professionals
# [Kode with Klossy Program Information Link](https://www.kodewithklossy.com/)
![](KodeHome.png)
